---
layout:     post
title:      "American Heroes"
date:       2020-10-4 12:01:20
author:     "Debrant"
header-img: "assets/owner/blog/header/post-bg-01.jpg"
tags: [guns]
category: [random]
comments: false
share: false
---

## Do you believe in the America of John Wanyne, of John McClane, or John Rambo?
I believe, like you do, that in our hearts, as Americans we will stand up to defend each other.
I believe that to do what’s right is deeply ingrained in every American.

This belief, that each of us is a hero, just waiting  for the right moment to stand up and save those around us, is reinforced through Hollywood, the media at large, and even our oral histories.

You may honestly believe that you will grab your gun and defend your loved ones and neighbors alike doing what you must to save the day. Personally, I think you are most likely delusional, but I cannot be sure.

Maybe you are that one in a million, who will keep your cool while doing everything right, to save the day without innocent loss of life. But what about the 999,999 gun owners? Where did they run, where are their guns?  

## Are those the guns in the hands of a killer right now?
Will they soon be walking through the halls of your child’s school?
Do we deserve this?

You would, I know, lay down you life to defend us if the country were invaded. You may even hand your sons and daughters a gun and tell them to fight. You may see them die in service to our nation, and you will mourn them with pride.

I believe in the America of my grandfathers
this is a test of the system,
